---
comments: true
date: "2018-06-12T00:00:00+02:00"
image: /images/blog/10a.jpg
publishdate: "2018-06-12T00:00:00+02:00"
tags:
- travel
- Vietnam
title: Vietnam opened my eyes
---
I feel like I did not do justice to our trip in **Vietnam**. It was the best one month of my life and I spent it with my best friends Jun and Jonas and a friend I met while travelling Cambodia, Lukas! 

- We started in **Ho Chi Minh** city and visited the cu chi tunnels 
- **Nha Trang** for some beach days  
- **Dalat** for  canyoning at the waterfalls (scariest thing I have ever done but most rewarding!) 
- **Hoi An** for culture and its tailoring (It is a pretty little town!) 
- followed by motorbike ride to **Hue** for a walk around the perfume river and 
- a trishaw ride through town **Hanoi** for culture and the secret night life (due to military curfew!) and street food was amazing! 
- **Halong Bay** we took the party boat which allowed us to meet new people; we got to explore the caves and kayak through them. Needless to say the party on the boat was fun; we made new friends and two of them eventually visited us in Singapore! 
- Lastly, we ended up in **Sapa** where we did a home-stay with the local people. They took us for a 13 km walk up the mountains where we met their families and ate with them and learnt from them about their culture and what a daily day is like for them. In the day, we explored the market in town to have a look at all the natural works by the people. They made beautiful handicrafts using natural colours and materials.  

I think of this trip often. It was the one time in my life I had no plans and just went with whatever I felt the next morning. Yes, I was broke but I was so happy. I always get carried away worrying about the future, and its made worse with my drive to be perfect. Now, whenever I feel myself drifting away, I think of Vietnam. Letting go all worries and just thinking for today. Thus, for me Vietnam will always be in my heart and I am glad I shared that month with my best mates. 